Christopher Jeong
Portland, OR | 971-517-7475 | U.S. Citizen | cjeong880@gmail.com | LinkedIn | Portfolio

Education
Brown University

Sep. 2022 – May 2026

Computer Science (BS), Mathematics (BS)
Providence, RI
• GPA: 3.96/4.0
• Computer Science Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithms, Operating Systems (Graduate), Deep Learning,
Computer Security, Computer Networks, Applied Cryptography, Compilers, Blockchains & Cryptocurrencies,
Advanced Probabilistic Algorithms (Graduate), Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Object-Oriented Programming
• Mathematics Coursework: Statistics I + II, Linear Algebra, Cryptography, Optimization, Galois Theory +
Representation Theory, Abstract Algebra, Real Analysis I + II, Multivariable Calculus, Discrete Math

Experience
Undergraduate Research Assistant

Jan. 2025 –

Brown University Department of Computer Science
Providence, RI
• Evaluating the theory and application of anonymous credentials, digital cash, and fully homomorphic encryption
with the Brown University Theoretical Computer Science group, constructing novel extensions upon message
authentication codes and keyed-verifcation credentials.
• Engineering implementations of the µBBS and µCM Z protocols in Rust for presentation at the Theory of Cryptography
conference.
• Constructed a Zero-Knowledge Proof crate in Rust allowing for non-interactive zero-knowledge proofs of classical discrete
logarithms as well as representations of discrete logarithms with respect to the Curve25519 group.

Software Engineer Intern

Jun. 2024 – Aug. 2024

JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Wilmington, DE
• Developed an internal React/Java/Spring Boot project management tool built on AWS tracking status of teams in all
lines of business as well as agility metrics and internal mobility opportunities for 1,100 teams and 35,000 employees.
• Engineered and maintained RESTful APIs in order to better coordinate API calls between in-house microservices within a
Java environment. Reworked API calls to coordinate with the team’s shift from Angular and a private cloud environment
to React and AWS, ensuring consistency in the back-end during the transition of front-end frameworks.
• Created a Kafka data pipeline aggregating data from Jira to derive story progress that provides employees with real-time
analyses of Jira story progress utilizing an in-house Small-Language Model.
• Architected a robust testing framework consisting of unit tests, component tests, and performance tests from the ground up
using JUnit and Jest, increasing code coverage to 80%.

Undergraduate Teaching Assistant

Jun. 2024 –

Brown University
Providence, RI
• Selected as an undergraduate teaching assistant for Brown University’s courses in Operating Systems with Lab, Applied
Cryptography, Abstract Algebra, and Cybersecurity Ethics.
• Debugged and stress tested multithreaded C/x86 64 programs with 10,000+ lines of code, ensuring a seamless fit between
file system, virtual memory, threads, and processes, and ensured that the operating system could handle high-stress situations
such as forkbomb attacks and full consumption of disk space.
• Implemented a threads package supporting multiprocessor programming, redesigning synchronization primitives such as
mutexes and spinlocks as well as building a CPU scheduler.
• Constructed a project introducing students to zero-knowledge proofs through anonymous voting in C++, ensuring proofs of
correctness in the assigned protocol and constructing a networking package for ease of use.

Projects
TCP/IP Stack | Go, Networking, Wireshark
Sep 2024 - Dec 2024
• Designed and implemented a TCP/IP stack in Go that supports routing with the RIP protocol as well as TCP Packet
reordering. Developed an API for hosts and routers to send messages and print network status.
Multiple Candidate Voting Protocol | C++, CryptoPP, Cryptography, SQL
Apr 2024 – May 2024
• Formulated a heavily mathematical protocol in C++ that allows voters to anonymously vote for candidates using
zero-knowledge proofs, ensuring votes and user information remain secure during network communication.
Weenix | C, x86 64, Unix, Python
Jan 2024 – Apr 2024
• Engineered a Unix-based operating system kernel from scratch that can run C programs. Implemented processes, threads,
mutexes, virtual memory, physical memory, page tables, system calls and disk management.

Technical Skills
Languages: Java, Python, C/C++, C#, SQL, MySQL, Go, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML/CSS, OCaml, CUDA
Technologies: React.js, Node.js, NestJS, Kafka, Spring Boot, DropWizard, Jenkins, Maven, AWS, Spark, Memcached, .NET
Developer Tools: Git, Docker, VS Code, Postman, GitHub, BitBucket, Swagger, Redis, Zookeeper

